I bought this bow for my husband as a Father's day gift. He loves it so much that he decided to write a review about it so this is his review! I have been shooting compound and traditional bows for twenty five years. I hunt with compound bow but I love shooting my traditional bows as well. I have not been able to shoot any of my bows for about year and half. I wanted to buy a beginner bow with a light draw weight to help my shoulder muscles get back in to shape again. I asked my wife to buy the 30 LB recurve from Top Archery. I have to admit that I am extremely pleased with this bow and I highly recommend it. I silenced the limbs by putting a square piece of thin rubber between the riser and the limb on both upper and lower attachment pockets. I also used a cotton ball to fill the small pocket in the riser under the limb. If you don't do this important step that small space will act as a resonator and allow the string vibration to be amplified! I also put mole skin under the string towards the limb tips to reduce string slap. Added a couple of wool home made silencers to the string (after a good waxing). The arrow rest that comes with it is very cheap so I did not even use it. I used a Bear archery "Weather rest" and had to trim it a little to make it fit good. Put some mole skin on the shelf under the rest and placed the knock on the string about 1/4 inch above center of T square. Set the brace height at 7.5 inches. I shoot a heavy 630 grn arrow. Let me tell you, this bow set up as I mentioned shoots extremely well, quiet and amazingly accurate. Please keep in mind that this draw weight is not for hunting and just for shoulder muscle exercising and form retention. For trad hunting, I use a 52 lb Bear Grizzly and it hits like a sledge hammer! If you are a beginner and like to get in to trad archery or even as a experienced trad archer looking for a light bow with a light draw weight, you should really check out Top Archery equipment. For the price, quality and performance they are very hard to beat. I promise you that you will not be disappointed ! Sorry for the long winded review and hope this review helps some of my archery brothers. God speed.