I got a Premier because it is a well-established model, has rave reviews about it being the best performing, claims it can climb walls, and claims convenient multiple filter options.

Many issues here. The filters load from the bottom, which is a pain to get to compared to top access models. It gave the impression that it can do large leaf bag as an easy option like the mess and premium filter. It also had no real documentation or troubleshooting guides in the box and was not much better online. You have to find 3rd party YouTube videos that talk about the issues and how to resolve them, assuming anyone bothered to do that.

To use the large leaf bag you have to remove two screws and are guard to make it fit. This is not convenient and makes it a pain to switch and, therefore, means you either never use it or only use it and not the others, which IMO makes it worthless as an option. Especially when the normal filter cartridges can each hold a good number of leaves, just on a bad day, you may have to clean them twice.

Next having to flip the robot upside down is a pain; it encourages scratches and adds extra steps that other models don't have.

Then the biggest reason I chose this model was how highly recommended it was as being one of the original bots that climbs walks and can clean the water line. When it never climbed more than a foot up by walls and thereby never made it to the water line. Nothing I did fixed this; adjusting the stabilizers didn't change anything, plus adjusting them is a pain as they don't want to turn easily. Also, after contacting support which took many days for a response, they never suggested the stabilizers which I found out was a possible issue via YouTube videos and how to adjust them; nothing in their documents in the box or online talked about this, and their support didn't bring it up which was fine as I already ruled it out while waiting for them.

I ended up returning this while I could get all my money back. I replaced it with a much newer model with the same warranty of 3 years which is the Dolphin Sigma. The Sigma worked out of the box flawlessly and started climbing walls and cleaning the water line really well. It top loads the filter cartridges, and best of all has an app for easy scheduling by day and time. The sad thing is the Sigma isn't really listed on their website, and you can only get it from Amazon or other online vendors. It is way better than one of their oldest and claimed to be one of the best performers and it will never come up if you use the help me choose a robot feature which is sad that they do not promote one of the best residential robots on their own site.