Let me start off by saying this is my first robotic pool cleaner, my expectations may have been too high. I expected this machine to clean with a pattern or some type of efficiency to guarantee every inch of the pool is covered and cleaned, but this is not the case.

Here are some of my issues with the device.

#1. The device advertises using a laser mapping system to clean the pool, but as it turns out this does absolutely nothing to help clean the pool. The robot basically wanders aimlessly in random directions, sometimes without making one complete pass, then stopping, turning, and deciding to climb the wall, then backing down and taking off in another direction leaving dirt and debris behind. I usually need to run 3 full cycles in a day before I can tell the pool has been cleaned. That's nearly 9 hours of cleaning to get the pool clean. That seems to be beyond wasteful on both time and electricity.

#2. Unit easily gets stuck on the drains in our deep end. You can't just walk away and expect it will be spotless. The device will require you check up on it while it clears to make sure it gets pulled off the drain when it becomes high-centered.

#3. Device does not clean stairs, you will still have to manually do that yourself.

#4. Device will flash that it is full and needs to be cleaned, but yet has almost nothing inside of the leaf collection bag. I have never had a complete cycle where I didn't have to reset the light so the device would actually clean the pool and not be tricked into thinking it needed to be cleaned.

#5. The Warranty sucks!!! Nowhere on this page did I see any mention of having to pay the shipping to have my unit serviced. Well, I found out after my unit broke after only 4 months and is requiring I mail it to their official service department. I just paid $112 to mail this device back to Maytronics to their specifications. 4 MONTHS OLD....Now I have to pay another $112 for a unit that they should be paying out of THEIR pocket to have shipped to them to repair. Apparently stating "we pay for parts and labor and to ship it back to you" is enough. I spent $1,300 on this unit already. Warranty or not, it is not a fair tradeoff to make your customers pay $112 to mail this unit to you to fix YOUR defective devices. I have a feeling this will not be my only Warranty claim considering it didn't even make it 4 months.

Good luck on your decision if you do purchase this device. Does it have positives? Yes, it is nice to have a pool cleaner that eventually after a day or so, will have the pool clean. Is it nice to press a button and let it do the work itself? Absolutely, but there is much more to it than just pressing a button to keep it cleaning the pool. Overall in my opinion this device gets an "F" on quality and dependability and about a "D" on cleaning efficiency. I can say I am very disappointed in this product.