I don’t know if I got a lemon or not. I opened my pool. Had watered tested. Got everything good. Went to use my old robot and it didn’t work. It is probably 5 years old. So it was time to buy a new one. Ordered the Dolphin premier thinking I was just going to splurge and buy a really good one from what I saw online. Had a Polaris and actually my first one that I had was for an above ground pool that someone gave me and it was the best one I’ve had so far. My Polaris worked so much better than the dolphin. I had some leaves and a decent amount of debris in my pool. The large debris bag picked up some of the leaves. It didn’t get the big leaves. This unit picked up very little debris even with the ultra fine filters. It blew all the debris all through my pool. I bought a product which my pool person and a customer said they use with their robot that makes all the debris settle to the bottom of the pool and they put their robot in and it picks it up. The customer told me he manually vacuums his pool while his robot is doing some of the work too. Used it and it worked like a charm, pool water crystal clear and debris at the bottom. I was going to manually vacuum while the robot worked. But by the time I got my stuff ready debris was off the bottom floating all through my water. I put the robot in and it immediately started throwing debris up through the top and the sides. This was with a clean filter. The indicator light never showed the filter was full. I still cleaned it thoroughly. I tried all 3 filters. The leaf bag worked ok and would have been better if it would have got my whole pool. The other filters barely had any debris in them. And every time the cleaner went in to the top corners of where my shallow end starts when the robot was coming up from the bottom of the pool it got stuck. Once it left my shallow end and into the deep end it couldn’t get back to the shallow end. I am very unhappy. I only had it a week. Ran it for at least 6 hrs a day for a week and my pool is no where near clean. I had my water tested yesterday and everything was perfect. My pool lady told me to shock it at night and pour in the clarifier. Woke to a pool clear except for the bottom and put the robot in and my pool water is dirty throughout now. I normally would have manually vacuumed it out and my pool would be ready to swim in today. But now I have a pool with all the stuff that was at the bottom of my pool all through my water. I really feel like I got a lemon. But even if I got another one I still don’t think it would be able to get up to my shallow end. As far as that goes it worked as well as my above ground pool cleaner that I had to put in to the shallow end cuz it couldn’t get up there. The dolphin did go up my walls but got stuck in my corners every time it went there. I tried to call customer service. Not opened on the weekends. I’m returning this to amazon. Not sure how they will handle it yet. If they send a new one and it works like I’ve seen videos of I will be extremely happy. But the one I have now does not perform even close to that. It’s actually making it worse for me. Now a lot of that debris will be going into my filter that I will have to mess with and have been. What a nightmare. If I could give it negative stars I would. If maytronics or amazon makes it right by returning it or sending a new one that works properly I will be satisfied. I have watched numerous you tube videos to make sure I was working it properly. Got on maytronics. It seems like everything is how it should be. Maybe I’m missing some small step. I don’t know. But so far I’m just frustrated.