Pros:
Easy to use out of the box
Looks cool moving around your pool floor
Provides hope for an easy Summer hanging out at the pool instead of working at the pool
Return for Refund was simple

Cons:
4x in and has yet to hit all areas of my pool
Is incapable of climbing my straight up and down (vinyl liner) pool walls. Climbs one step, but can't even get off the pool floor to "climb"
If you're OPENING YOUR POOL (READ). This absolutely, positively will NOT collect the fine dead algae that you amass if you opened your pool green, super green or very green like some of us here in the Midwest see. You can literally see the fine algae particles being blown right back out the top of the Cleaner as it scoots across your pool
Price is out of this world ridiculous
Very short cord on the actual power unit (not a big deal)
Need a caddy or you need to store this cleaner upside down.
Repackaging for a return is difficult as well

Major Con - too many reviews appear to be planted within the Masses SUGGESTING that you can use this to remove dead algae from a GREEN pool, and that is simply not going to happen. You can possibly use this cleaner to help keep your pool clean, but this cleaner will NOT "open your pool with ease" through several cleanings like some (too many) are suggesting.

Bottom line, this was $1500 plus tax, and the moment I noticed it couldn't climb my pool walls, it was going back. I then continued to use it for several days, thinking......maybe I return and exchange, possibly getting a poor unit. Watching its progress changed my mind. Returned for refund. Joined Swim University (free), learned about the proper way to open my pool with chlorine, then vacuum to waste...and now simply vacuum the pool and scrub it weekly, then use chlorine.

We're all looking for the magic ticket, this isn't it....and is far too expensive a unit to "hope" it works for you.

After returning I am now looking at a crystal clear pool, simply using my skimmer floor vacuum and chlorine.

You can do this...and I'll add pics and videos POST review from my phone (leaving review from my desktop. The proof is in the pudding, so I hope I can add the pics. Watching the fine particles blow out the top of the filter, with the FINE PARTICLE filter in is all most would need to see. If you're luck it'll climb your walls, it wouldn't on mine (and they are plain Jane, up and down vinyl liner - in ground pool liner walls). So disappointing.