With how expensive bullets are becoming, I don't get to shoot as much as I used to. So I decided to turn to archery to fill that gap. I purchased 3 different levels of recurve bows, this being the middle pull, and cost of the three. After a few weeks of shooting it, here's what I have to offer:

Pros: For the money, it's a great. I've since watched MANY Youtube videos that review this particular bow (mine is 50lb), and warn people NOT to buy it. I can confidently tell you that it is my favorite amount the 3 I bought. The other ones were a $50 one with metal arms, and a sinoart one (at 60lb pull) that looks great, but just isn't comfortable to shoot. This bow looks nice, and has holes if you want to add 3 sight indicators. It comes with a bow stringer tool, which is very useful once you learn how to use it. The handle is sleek and just feels right in my hand. I haven't added an extras, like string suppressors and anything, and it works just fine. Right out of the box (once I put it together), I was zeroed in pretty quickly, shooting 12 inch groupings at 15 yards. I'm no Robin Hood, but I can hit the target, and the arrows don't waggle too much as they go.

Cons: There are other bows, I'm sure, that will shoot smoother, and now be as heavy. Youtube reviewers seems to love a Samik Sage, so I just bought one to compare it. But that bow is slightly more expensive that this one. I wish it at least came with a few arrows (as a package) but arrows are readily available on Amazon. Not sure how long the string will last, but when it breaks, I'll just buy another one.

OVERALL: I'm not a hunter, or a professional archer - I saw Rambo and wanted a bow that I could take apart and shoot well. I wanna pretend that I'm a ninja in my backyard when I target shoot with my kids. This bow looks nice, feels nice, and doesn't embarrass me when I launch arrows at the target in front of the family. Eventually, when we go on vacation, it'll be nice to take it apart so it transports easily (and takes up a smaller footprint in the back). Hope this review helps you decide if it's the bow for you.

Happy hunting ya'll!