Still working strong and as effective two years later! I picked this pool robot over other options because it had a solid combination of features and reasonable price. The wall-climbing feature with tile-scrubbing is a must-have and amazing feature for me. I didn't need the more fancy features like bluetooth or smart-mapping in other models, mostly because I run the robot for as long as I need, and it doesn't bug me that it goes over the same spot a few times in the process. The randomized "wandering" program is well-balanced; spending enough time to run in straight lines down the length of my rectangular pool versus other times where it makes a couple of turns. There's some kind of logic and randomization with detecting its orientation going up walls which means it's not really predictable. That adds to the fun watching it roam. Absolutely no question- buy the caddy. I can't imagine lugging it around without one. The remote control is overpriced but sometimes useful for redirecting the robot to a specific spot, before pulling it out of the water.
My only criticism of the unit is that the filter basket is on the underside, and there's really no way to remove it for cleaning without getting a little bit wet. But, I'm not a cat, so it's okay.
The unit *is* a bit heavy when you pull it out of the water, mostly because of the weight of the water still inside it. If you have a shallow shelf or steps in a place where you can gently drag the unit so it's resting closer to the surface, that makes it a lot easier to extract.
Cleaning the filters is easy, but I found that it's even easier if you let the filter basket dry out overnight if you live in a dry area like a desert. Then the dried out leaves and debris is a lot easier to spray off the mesh filters the next day. Using a medium-strong spray nozzle setting works pretty well. It doesn't take more than a couple of minutes to spray out the filters. Again, you're going to get a little bit wet, but it's not a big deal.
I haven't had to replace any parts yet, though I noticed my robot lost some suction one day. It turned out to be a bit of stringy-palm debris that had wound itself over the upper blowhole on the robot, interfering with the motor there. After I cleared the debris, all was back to normal.
The power usage of the robot is very low. It doesn't seem to pull more than about 175 Watts at a time, maybe less, from the AC power.
Compared to the cost of a pool service, this robot is a dream. Although it doesn't do the extra work of balancing chemicals or cleaning the filter, it does a great job cleaning the pool floor and walls.
I can't resist commanding the robot to start feeding whenever I start him up. He's my pool hero.