I researched all of the robotic pool cleaners available on Amazon and You Tube for two weeks before I decided on the Premier cleaner. One of the reasons I spent the extra dollars for the Premier was the three year warranty. The wall cleaning capability is a plus. I also liked the fact that this product is made in Israel. Israeli companies are innovative and build products with very good integrity.

After using the Premier for three months, I am very happy with it's performance. I have a 16 x 32 vinyl liner pool with a 9' deep end. The deep end has a 3" safety ledge along three sides. I have put my cleaning hose and wand/pole into storage and hope to never use them again. I use the premier two to three times a week, as needed and my pool has never been cleaner or clearer. Here are the pros and cons of the Premier, in my opinion.

Pros: The choice of three filter elements is a plus. I use the ultra fine filters during the summer months. I have trees in my yard, so I'm sure I'll be switching to the bag in September. The ultra fine filter collects everything, down to the fine dirt particles in my pool.

The unit is easy to set up and the two hour standard run time is all I need for a totally clean pool. Cleaning the filters is easy as I spray them down with my hose.

The Premier climbs walls and really does clean the water line. I notice that it sometimes has trouble getting over the ledge in my deep end, but it keeps trying until it can climb the wall. My walls were never dirty or algae coated. Most of the dirt in my pool goes to the bottom of the deep end and the Premier seems to collect everything. However the wall cleaning ability is remarkable. Reviews of the lesser cost units seemed to hint at trouble climbing walls. This capability is why I bought the Premier.

Cons: The unit does get stuck on my deep end drain but it eventually works itself off. This happens when the center of the Premier is over the drain and the treads have trouble reaching the pool floor for traction.

The unit also drives up to the bottom of my pool ladder and sometimes stays there for too long of a time.

The yellow light on the controller to indicate that the unit is full of debris seems to come on too often and doesn't really serve a purpose, IMO.

These little problems are minor to me and they do not make much of a difference.

I strongly recommend that you buy the caddy for your pool cleaner. The Dolphin caddy is well built but I believe it's over priced. However, you can't get by without it. The cleaner is somewhat heavy, the control cable is long and can get tangled if it is not stored properly on the caddy. It would be nice if Dolphin included the caddy with the cleaner, like other manufacturers do. However, they'd up the price then. I use a velcro wrap to hold the control cable together while stored on the caddy

Overall, I'm glad I bought the Premier and I look forward to many years of a clean pool.