First, let me start by saying that I rarely write reviews. However, I have been so impressed by the Dolphin Premier that I felt I had to post about how this piece of equipment changed my relationship with our pool. We purchased a pre-owned home with a relatively new pool that had been a constant source of irritation for us since we bought the home four years ago. The pool was very poorly designed and has a built in cleaner that is insufficient for the size of the pool and has never been able to keep our pool free of debris (Zodiac). We hired a pool maintenance company and spent literally thousands of dollars to try to get our pool to a point where the water was clear, clean and not full of debris. We got a new filter system (changed from cartridges to DE), we installed a multi-speed pump, installed new valves and bought various types of cleaning equipment. Nothing worked -- we still had to fight constantly to maintain a minimum level cleanliness and clarity. Finally, I decided to purchase the Dolphin Premier Robotic Pool Cleaner as a last ditch effort. All I can say is WOW! All of our problems with our pool have been eliminated by running the Dolphin about three to four times per week in addition to the daily running of the built-in Zodiac. The leaf bag on the Premier model is the best thing about this Dolphin. It picks up everything! I didn't realize how dirty our pool was until I cleaned out the leaf bag for the first time. If you are looking for a way to solve your pool cleaning problems, the Dolphin Premier will definitely help. And, if you are trying to decide whether to pay the extra money for the Premier model versus some of the other Dolphin models, definitely go with the Premier as it is the only one that has a leaf bag option, and the leaf bag is the best thing about the Dolphin Premier.

As for ease of use, I would say it takes no skill at all to get it up and running. It really is ready to go out of the box and after a few easy plug-ins, your Dolphin will be ready to clean. The leaf bag is a bit tricky to get on the first time, but once you know how to put the filter on, it is not very difficult. The only negative I can see so far is the weight of the Dolphin when it is full of water and it needs to be removed from the pool. It is very heavy and unwieldy when full of water; but after draining, it is not so hard to lift and move. I pull mine out of the pool, leave it to drain on the pool edge, then move it for storage after it is drained. I also purchased a remote control for the unit, but I haven't ever used it. My recommendation is to skip paying the extra $100 for the remote because you won't need it. I would purchase an extra leaf bag for the unit so you will have a clean one ready to go when you need it. I think we will finally be able to enjoy our pool this summer because of the Dolphin Premier.