This is an amazing little robot. We purchased the Dolphin Premier in early October to replace a Polaris pool cleaner powered by attaching to our pool filter equipment. As first-time pool owners effective May 2020, we have had several missteps in pool ownership, but this buy is not one of them.
Pros:
The oversized leaf bag is magic and is our go-to. It seems to pick up EVERYTHING from big items to the smallest of particles.
We live in a mature neighborhood. Our yard, along with neighbors on each side have several large trees that all seemed to drop their leaves into our pool. The dolphin worked like a dream handling the seemingly never-ending dumping of leaves into the pool.
We have 4 swimming dogs that are constantly tracking dirt and depositing their copious amounts of hair in the pool. The Dolphin has no issues picking up the hair and fine dirt. Only warning for those with dogs, or any two-legged family members that shed their hair, is to make sure you regularly check the impeller on the motor for hair wrapped around it. If you see any debris/hair, you can remove the impeller cover and easily clear the impeller. This will keep your motor safe from burning out.
Our pool pump stopped working early January, and we are saving up to get a new variable speed pump. Over the past 2.5 months, the Dolphin has done a great job maintaining the pool better than I hoped, even without the pool pump being able to circulate normally.
Our pool is in dire need of resurfacing, as the existing white plaster is original from when the pool was built 30 years ago. This has resulted in the plaster sloughing off into the water. Prior to the Dolphin, we were finding a lot of plaster deposits being mucked up in the DE Filter. The Dolphin seems adept at picking up the plaster, and we saw very little getting into the filter prior to the pump dying.

Cons/Open Questions:
We did not receive a remote control with our Dolphin Premier, so if that was standard, it was a miss in our shipment.
We aren't big fans of the "cartridge" filter options. This seems to pick up less than a quarter the amount of debris than the oversized leaf bag when run over the same 3 hour time period.
The Dolphin seems to get overheated more regularly these days. I am not sure if its because we have been highly dependent on it, but the specs do advise that it can be run daily, thus I would imagine it shouldn’t be getting overheated like it is.
I would recommend spending extra money for a Dolphin with Bluetooth control for starting it, alerts, and a way to monitor/diagnose issues.