1 YEAR AFTER PURCHASE- Works as well as when it was new. Even climbs walls as well as new. No problems whatsoever. Very glad we also bought the cart for it, despite the price.
Our experience with the Dolphin Premier pool robot has been excellent over the 2 months we’ve had it. (Mild climate. We use it in ‘winter’.) If you’re thinking of buying or wondering how best to use it, see the youtube video of 22 minutes by Rick Escalante. I viewed many. This is the one to watch. As he recommends, be sure to purchase the Maytronics universal caddy to store it and move it around. It isn’t cheap at $150, but it’s worth every penny.

The filters being accessed from the bottom of the unit isn’t a problem. Because the water flow is up, through the machine, the filter placement is very effective, and the upward jet helps the unit keep better downward pressure for contact.

The unit won’t eliminate all your labor – you still need to brush the steps and probably the corners if the pool is rectangular, as well as doing the pool tests of the water. (And I still use a net on a pole to remove the worst stuff on the bottom before starting the unit. We haven’t tried the leaf bag yet.) But you won’t be brushing the sides and bottom of the pool, and you won’t be vacuuming it by hand through the pool pump’s suction. My back greatly welcomes the change.

The unit performs as advertised: it climbs walls without a problem, cleans the waterline (be sure to extend one of the float balls on the handle), doesn’t tangle the cord, and moves to cover our entire pool without a remote control (Gunite-concrete pool about 24’ x 16’; I can’t comment about larger pools).

Our only potential concerns after 2 months of use: (1) service life long-term. I don’t know. (2) Several reviews by users comment on problems getting service under warranty. I don’t know. Buying a different robot from a local pool store would probably minimize this issue if they have servicing capability, but after thorough research we decided on the Dolphin Premier even though we bought it online (from an authorized seller through Amazon). The unit is that good. (3) I can imagine the propulsion tracks and climbing rings needing replacement in the future. I have no idea how long from now. But the numerous, informative servicing videos online at youtube and maytronics.com show this to be a do-able project.