June 1, 2019 So I will give some background first- I have a very large in-ground pool that is pebble tech. I have used a Creepy Crawly for 10 years with this pool and same with the first pool I had. So when I went to the Dolphin Premier it was a little different to use and understand.
This unit does work really good, it has some problems going all the way up the pool wall but it could be because i have some Algae that needs to be scrubbed some more. So before I continue, this is not like a Creepy Crawly, it is not a drop in and leave it for the week. The fine Filters need to be cleaned daily so you need to be involved daily with this unit. there are some really good Youtube videos out there that show how to use it. IF you were going on vacation you could not just leave this by itself because it needs cleaning. So don't throw away your Creepy Crawly. I do like that the filters only take about 5 minuets to clean and put back in. I have not used the bag yet but I will try it and see if it will run the full week. It is nice that you can just hit the button and let it run (Again if filter is clean) Is it worth the money? I think so, it is nice that I am spending less time scrubbing the pool and i think that with time my pool will be at 100%. Again nothing is perfect but i think this Robot is much better that the old fashion Creepy Crawly type. Also you will not have to clean your pool filter as often. with the blowing dust and dirt, I had to clean my pool filter (Pentair) every two months, I am hoping to clean it only a couple times a year. I did buy the Cady and I think that will be a great addition. Again this does take having a relation with the robot to clean it daily and the best time is when it is done with its 3 hour cycle or at the end of the day so it is ready for the next day. I will up date this review in a couple of weeks.
Update, 6-15-2019 - So i have to report this... I came home yesterday evening and walked over to my pool and in 4 days it was crystal clear. I have not seen my pool this clean since two years ago when I drained it and refilled. I cannot believe it.
6-9-2019 - gets even better, I took a water sample to Leslie's and the report came back all in the correct range... again for the first time in years. I always had something off. Chlorine or PH or C YA or something... I put the report they gave me on the refrig. LOL
PS I bought the pro remote and could not get it to work... not to mention you have to stand right next to the control box so i am waiting to send it back. don't bother with the remote. This model does not have Iphone capability.
8-30-2019Final update- I don’t really understand why this robot works so well but it does. I am continually amazed when I look at my pool and see it crystal clear. When I walk into a pool supply place and see other pool owners with that “My pool hates me” look on their face I have to tell them about the Dolphin. Well worth the money for peace... not just of the mind. I only drop it in my pool every third day and on the weekend. Incredible. Not much more to say. Ps I named him Hale. Lol