So I bought this in October 2020 for 36 x 13 irregular curvy inground pool in Maryland, I was desperate to get my pool clean for closing. Was my 1st. Closing. And it did the job just fine. But waited to write the review until most of the 2021 season. So my experiences is that I almost never if I don’t want to have to pull out the manual vacuum and hook it into the skimmer. I do manual vacuum when I first opened the pool and it was full of lots of stuff because I don’t put a cover on my pool during the winter, so I built my own cleanup pump so I could suck most of the debris to waste, I have a filter cartridge which works great but does not filter to waste. But after I got all that done, for the last three months four months, you put this bad boy robot in there and it gets all the debris off the floor. Like others have reported, I don’t feel that it does as great of a job on the sides, it does climb the sides, and it does scrub, but once or twice fighting some algae and mustard algae, it required me to go out and still do the walls with the brush. But I don’t have to brush the floor, which is a big timesaver and I never have to manually vacuum clean again! That in itself was worth the price of the robot. I exclusively use the nylon filters. If I have a Lotta leaves and junk, I’m going to use my cleanup pump that I built to pull that stuff out. But occasional leaves and bugs and spiders and all the nasties the fall to the bottom get all sucked up by this, and the cleanup only takes about four minutes tops to rinse out the filters once it’s done its cycle. Another bonus with this robot is, if you are fighting algae, those nylon filters capture some of that stuff, and when you pull it out and rinse those off it’s not going back into your pool, while statistically the surface area isn’t that big, it’s still contributing to help clean the pool. I would say another huge benefit is, I am cleaning my filters a lot less, in fact I’m not seeing the pressure go up anymore, I still clean my filters anyways once a month, but because this picks up any sand, pebble ‘s, crumbling concrete, bugs, spiders, grasses, flowers, leaves, that stuffs not making into your filter! A couple tips for those out there that I’ve seen different complaints about. Pulling out of the water can be difficult because all that waters in there, I purchased a net with a hook on the other end and use that hook to open up and get the baskets out of my skimmers without bending down, but I also use it to grab the robot float arm to pull it up and out part way of the water to my other arm, much easier! I have a covered deck that gets almost no direct sun, so I store my robot there without a caddy. All you need is a square stone or a piece of wood and just make sure you place the bottom so that the treads and the rubber cleaning rotors are raised up off the floor not crushed.... it’s really not that difficult, you don’t need the Caddy. I also put the robot very carefully in the pool, I see pictures of people throwing it in the pool like it’s a big old rock, remember there’s still electronics, mechanical pieces in there, if you got a pay this much for this kind of thing why risk slowly jostling the insides and maybe causing a premature death? And the control unit is always under the covered deck so it never can get caught in quick rain when it’s operating, I also never leave the control unit outside when not in use, I always take that inside. If you understand how electronics work, you understand the humidity, heat and coolness of night is not a good mix for electronica‘s, bring it in when you no longer are using the control unit should help extend the life statistically. So bottom line I do believe from what I read everybody else if it breaks I’m probably not gonna get support, and if you get a bad one and it’s outside of your Amazon return window that’s going to suck. But I will say for me it’s made a huge difference in the experience of my pool, no more manual vacuuming is so great. And just yesterday I put in new filters and I usually don’t run the bottom drain Return, but in twisting all the knobs I blasted a bunch of junk and sand and other stuff into the pool because I used to have a sand filter! This puppy cleaned every single piece of broken concrete and sand that was on the bottom. Yes my pool is old and will be needing a refinish here in the next year or two, so yes there can be pieces of crumbling stuff in my pool and this cleans all of it! So in summary, helpful on the walls but not perfect, when fighting an algae bloom you’ll still need to maybe use your brush, however the suction is amazingly strong and gets everything off the floor. I don’t believe for a second about the smart intelligence, it’s just randomly running around and over time it touches pretty much every area. For me the price of the robot is less expensive than a pool Expert if it lasts just one season. I mean I was paying $75 a week for them to come out once, dump some chemicals in, only to have the pool not balanced by the next time they came out, and having issues that affect pool quality. Even if I pay them for closing and opening, the robot still pays for itself. However I do my own closing openings now too. If You’re a do it yourself, I would say this robot could be something that’s a game changer for you.

Update 06/17/23: Still working, great coming up on 3 years -slightly scratched since I turn it over on its side to spray out it’s guts after I pull the filter out. If it makes it to the three-year mark, which I have every reason to believe it will, that’s about 400 $500 a year. A lot cheaper than the pool guy only comes out once a week which means you still have to scrub and scrubbed and scrubbed. One of the best investments I’ve made nachos for my pool, but in general. Real time saver. Just treated well. Don’t leave it in the Sun. Don’t leave it in the water pull it out rinse it off put it under a deck or somewhere where the sun won’t baked electronics inside always take the control unit inside. Do this and I believe except for some bug it should last you a good while. One more thing I don’t think I mentioned in my original review. This is BIG. A lot of the folks out there tell you you should be careful about pouring your chlorine, it could pool on the bottom same with your acid or pH down and other chemicals. This thing has such a strong suction poor those chemicals in while it’s running and in no time it’ll dispersed everything so you won’t have any of those worries. At the end of the day sometimes I’ll even get the robot. Going a second time for when I throw in the chlorine to work overnight, I generally use liquid, and let it helped disperse it for 30 minutes and then it’s time for it to come back out. And also because it pulls so much stuff off the floor it’s helping put all that stuff back in the water so that it can go into your skimmer or your drain into your filter. Helps to keep it clean.

03/09/24 update: originally bought October 2020, so I’ve had it about 3 1/2 years. It’s become so indispensable that I decided to actually buy another one with inflation these things keep going up and I want an extra one on hand this could die at anytime. I was paying a pool professional $75 a week to come out and while they got all the leaves out and put chemicals in they only put chemicals in for that one day if you know anything about pools and you’ve had enough time you understand those little hockey pucks of chlorine can only be used for so long before you end up with too much sun protection chemical. And technically it makes your other chemicals less efficient. Eventually they may not even work and you have to drain your pool. So I switched over to doing it myself using liquid chlorine. When I go on vacation, I use the hockey pucks. Otherwise, it’s always liquid. That’s the backstory.

I put this robot in every day during the season and it pulls everything out and keeps it nice and clean Maybe two or three times during a season I may have to brush the walls myself. I definitely have to brush occasionally the steps by myself, particularly when I’m opening. But what this little gem does is it keeps me from having to clean anything off the floor. And it keeps the sides mostly clean. I know some people said it doesn’t climb their walls. Mine does. I’ve even played around with a little flotation things and if you needed to float some more to get to the top, you can do that. I also do not cover my pool during the winter I don’t have any trees nearby, but neighbors do and even though I have a fence some of those end up in my pool so about this time of year well before it’s time to open the pool, I put my robot back in there and it took it about 3 to 4 run to get everything off the bottom. We’re talking worms. We’re talking little caterpillar looking things we’re talking lots of leaves twigs. And because I choose not to cover mine I have to start chemicals earlier in my pump earlier it’ll start next week. In fact, I know that’s a choice that I chose to make and I’m fine with it. So you have to understand mine probably run about seven months maybe eight months up in Maryland For those of reviews where they had it die early, you know we all had bad experiences and sometimes you just end up with a bad piece of equipment But I also think some people and I’ve seen where they pick up their robot and they launch it throw it into air and let it smack into the water… that’s a horrible idea. If you understand anything about electronics and vibration, and even with it being sealed, it’ll eventually break those seals in the water will get to some of those motors and stuff internally. I always set mine in gently. I also never leave the control unit in the sun in the rain or out overnight. It comes in every single night with me. Were there a couple times in the last 3+ years that I did end up leaving it out. Yeah a couple times but at most maybe once a season. It also stays under a shaded area, so there’s never direct sunlight on it again if you understand electronics, you’re a bit delusional if you think you can just leave that in the sun and it’s not gonna affect the life of that device. So my thing is got some scrapes on it. I have a concrete pole so it’s not you know smooth walls and so it has gotten some scrapes on it. It’s faded some and the cord has delaminated a little bit. So this thing saves me so much money and so much time it makes my life so much happier with my Poole that I didn’t want to take a chance of it dying in midstream I just bought another one. Another advice for you. If you’re gonna buy this, don’t leave it in the pool, again chlorine is a very destructive chemical overtime. Those seals which are not made of plastic but some kind of foam or whatever sealant they use will be eating away by the chlorine, which is why your device will die sooner. And yes, there’s been some times I’ve left it overnight, but in general I pull it out every single night and it never sits in the sun. It sits under a deck that’s covered if you don’t have a covered deck, find or make a place to put it where it doesn’t get beat down on the hot sun. Just wanted to give an update that mine is still running after 3 1/2 years it’s still working perfectly well it’s just that I don’t know if we’re gonna go to war with China and you know all the stuff is made in China so I want an extra one on hand just in case. Plus, inflation just is getting worse and worse.